A group of East Bay commuters is making
a push to keep casual carpool alive. The
decades old commuting option is on the
brink of extinction, as you may have
heard. And as ABC7 News reporter Tara
Campbell explains, it's going to come
down to the power of the people.
>> The signs are here, but the car poolers
are not. And Joe Finger is hoping to
change that.
>> We're trying to bring back Caswell
Carpool.
>> The grassroots no pay system born out of
convenience for East Bay commuters.
Drivers pick up passengers at multiple
locations. Two passengers, the ticket
into the much speedier and cheaper
carpool lane.
>> We just come across the bridge using the
car poolool and I was able to get into
San Francisco. Easy that way. That's why
I loved it.
>> Probably about since '90s, I used to
take it pretty much every day going one
way into the city and it was really
convenient and cheaper than BART and
faster than BART.
>> But the once popular commuting option is
struggling to come back from the
pandemic. I wait at the carpel line 20
minutes a day. I get picked up
probably once a every two weeks, 3
weeks.
>> And beyond showing up, they've tried
everything from apps, social media, and
more.
>> We've tried flyer at BART to say,
"Here's the day we're going to start.
Everyone start coming this day." Uh we
tried that for months.